All right so we are kind of done for the first section.
Here we have a post showing we have categories on the right side.
We've got categories on the top and navigation area.
We got the search engine working we have a widget we use.
So reusable cold here that we can use as well as a widget.
What we need is and this will probably be in the course later on actually it will be laid on because
their original original A My sister has a logging system and we're going to create another part of the
sidebar here to log in to our system even though this one the template doesn't have that.
We're going to create one.
All right.
And we're also going to be creating a registration page.
Well that's that's like an extra feature and we will be doing that but right now we don't need to do
that.
We're concerned about doing things from the admin area right now and being able to create this without
going manually and putting data in there.
All right.
So I want to be able to create is automatically all this data here.
So for that we need to go to the admin side.
So if you type in here admin after they see a mass folder you're going to be redirected directed to
that.
In that stoppie be in the admin folder right.
And this is the admin for that.
And we can see that it has a whole bunch of fields here of course none of them work.
Just for this demonstration purposes only.
And we're going to be cleaning up some of these files content here element in things like that.
So let's go ahead and do that right now as a matter of fact.
The first thing that we need to do is add a little link right here so that we wouldn't have to keep
typing this all the time.
So let's open our brackets editor here and let's go ahead and
let's go to navigation and we are displaying all the navigations from here.
But let's add another link here.
When we finish this
ph be cold right here.
Let's just comment this out and I did that by pressing command forward slash and I'm just going to come
in these other out and I'm going to leave this on here make sure we have that they're available.
I'm just going to type in admin there and this should be in here also.
So let's see that
we have that.
Then there were click on it takes us to the.
And it just make sure they capitalize at least in the beginning here is better.
All right.
So we don't have to.
And now we want to do also is that I don't want to keep typing in that either.
So I'm going to put a link here somewhere to take me to that Web site.
I mean to that home page right.
So that is in and it's in the admin folder right here.
And it's we have to organize all these data.
By the way.
But let me just put the link here somewhere if I can find what it is.
John Smith So what I'm going to do if I can't find data like this.
I don't know.
I'm going to type in command to see if this editor has a fine feature and does and I'm just going to
type in John there John.
And he found it right here is it was right in front of me all this time.
So John has some type some data there with him and that's amble over there of type in John if I right
click on it and inspect Elam and Google Chrome I can see that data here and in a nav bar right here
has a drop down and now you just analyze it to see where I'm going to be placing does
this link.
Right.
We have a lot information you don't want to make a mistake and then mess everything up.
I think this is the data right here.
So I'm going to put a long
list item right here and just going to say I want you to take me back to.
And it's the be and two that's just going to take me back there and save it.
First refresh fresh here and do not do anything because I think we'd put it somewhere else.
Let's go back to it.
It's use right click on and see where we are.
We need to be
this little bird here is just try and play hard to get not Bart.
Tough.
Top right top.
All right.
So let's take this idea.
Here it looks like he's now here it looks like.
But I see it there.
And if we go ahead and
of course he's not one that we won't be able to see it is there actually but we won't be able to see
unless we pull something there right.
So Web site home page home site site.
I just got home sites for now.
And as you can see here it's going to take us back there and can go back to admin there.
All right perfect.
All right so let's clean up the this page really quick because we're running out of time here.
And let's take out let's do the same thing we did in the other and the other for their home page and
it's make includes folder here.
Actually not a file.
Keep making files.
Let's take that off site admin and delete is actually right click on a folder called includes the clothes.
All right.
And in saying colludes and in the right click and make a file called the header that BHP make a file
called the footer.
Ph be.
There we go.
Let's go back to the index and we go we are in say admin.
All right.
So this is the admin I that's.
And let's get this out of here
let's make it crude and didn't just take it all.
I took it off with command or control.
All right so just in case you take it off and don't copy it don't make that mistake.
I mean you take it off and don't copy it.
Make sure that you take it off with Kemang ads or right click on our Whatever you need to do to have
that data there don't lose it or control Z just to do that stuff.
All right.
Include unless you include make sure that we put the for the where it is includes.
Header that BHP right now doesn't have anything save it come back to the header form and then go back
to that file and take out the footer.
A lot of data is here.
You see why why not go ahead and take it.
Get rid of some of this stuff here and that's fine let's just minimize this a little bit.
And is Forder.
It looks complicated right.
Container it is because we don't have a regular footer for this Admin Page.
This is the ID wrapper of everything and it should be the footer right here.
Subheading dashboard.
Actually
let's go back to adamant because we have a lot of you see there's name even he doesn't even have a footer
so that all that data there we're just content there it's content from navigation mostly.
But this here is the ID wrapper.
This is the whole idea Rob for for the whole thing navigational.
And I just want is to be like the content basically.
So because I pay page heading
there's actually a page heading that something else this is taking was all the way down to the.
That's a wrapper one to go here.
There we go.
And this could be maybe the page count or something.
Keep taking the wrapper
wherever you go.
All right.
So this would be the footer of this.
All right so let's take this out
and let's convert it into the foot right here.
Save it.
Come back to him that's And let's use this function the same thing down here and it's just a footer
here.
If we change this this is you can see that that is here.
All right so we've got the heading here and we're going to put whatever now for the heading something
like welcome to admin.
All right.
And this would be probably the alter name and we're going to do some dynamic data here later on we're
going to put it here.
OK.
So we're going to take this break from out of here.
All right.
I need that.
Let's take this out too.
All right.
So I think we're done actually right now.
This is where we're going to be putting some of these data come here.
Now we got that.
All right.
We're not going to be putting anything here now.
Just know that we are just organizing some of this stuff.
And let's go ahead and take out some of this navigation real quick and said a lot of navigation right.
This is an obligation right here.
Really huge navigation
systems make sure that that's the navigation.
Let's just take it out of here.
All of it in navigation.
Right.
Right clicking here again and it's called is navigation
actually going to make its fall here and we need to put it includes actually right click on it and call
this now the nation of HP and to perfect this piece that in there are for this go back to and it's used
that function to include navigation.
This looks a lot better now right.
You got that out of the way navigation BHP.
All right.
So a lot better than before.
So anyway I think I'm going to just end the video here and we're going to continue some of this stuff
later in another video.
Anyway thank you so much for watching this.
And we're done for now but we will be doing some more structuring and organizing some of these in the
in the background here in the administration area right.
Thank you again and see you in the next lecture.
Take care.